# MaxCoin
There is a lot of uncertainty about of Bitcoin, so many turn to the altcoin market to diversity their crypto holdings, only to find more uncertainty. CoinMarketCap lists over 500 coins, and there are probably more. In this brief post, I offer Maxcoin’s qualifications as a worthy investment and trade currency.  Maxcoin has a dedicated, skilled, and cognizant foundation team that understands both the economics and politics of cryptocurrency. Crypto is not just a faster and cheaper payment method and a more secure store of value, it’s about decentralizing the use of currency by removing it from the establishment’s monopoly. Cryptocurrency allows you to buy and sell and give and save apart from state and bank run spy grids and theft rings. Because you own your coins which are transacted with high cryptography on a decentralized public blockchain, there are no extortionate fees, bank runs, frozen accounts, bailouts, or financial surveillance. The Maxcoin team understands the importance of using your coins in privacy and with security.  Our team members also have a various skill from their professional backgrounds in system administration, programming, web design, technical writing, project management, quality assurance, market trading, and others. More important is their enthusiastic entrepreneurship and dedication to expanding and enriching the Maxcoin ecosystem. Our team members spend countless unpaid hours of planning and building for Maxcoin. Learn more about our team here.  We believe Maxcoin has basic advantages that distinguish it from other altcoins. Here are a few:  Fundamentals  Stronger encryption (SHA3), faster transactions (1 minute block time), low inflation (16 coins per block) Budding Maxcoin Foundation with a roadmap to self-sustainability A one-of-a-kind Maxcoin Bounty Program that allows you to anonymously and immediately donate MAX and BTC to crowdsource the development of Maxcoin’s critical infrastructure and ecosystem Markets and Services  Listed on 7 exchanges including Cryptsy, Bittrex, Bittylicious, and BTER with 4 currency pairs Revolutionary Cryptobullion (startjoin.com/maxcoinbullion) that will soon be available from selected bullion dealers. Maxcoin can be spent anywhere Bitcoin is accepted through Coingateway.net Buy over 150 gift cards with Maxcoin (Pock.io) Maxcoin Gambling (Cryptobetfair.com) Integration into multicurrency wallet at Casheer.net, Oct 2015 Community and Exposure  Exposure to over 9,000 followers on twitter, more than Ripple, Darkcoin, NXT and many others with more market cap. Maxcoin Forums (forum.maxcoin.co.uk) and chat (maxchat.info) Other communication channels available at Facebook and Bitcointalk This list of distinguishing characteristics doesn’t change the market price overnight. Like many coins, Maxcoin has seen its share of malicious miners, speculative day traders,  and committed internet trolls. These people are either jealous of the above points or simply foolish and enjoy throwing away treasure. Yes, we are biased, but we genuinely think that Maxcoin is a bargain wonder coin. On the markets, it is at historic lows. But objectively, given its present facts and future goals, Maxcoin is at historic highs. | WHY MAXCOIN MAXCOIN IS MONEY WITHOUT BANKS. USING MAXCOIN, YOU CAN INSTANTLY, SECURELY AND FOR FREE SEND AND RECEIVE PAYMENTS TO FRIENDS, FAMILY AND MERCHANTS WORLDWIDE. A NEW APPROACH TO INNOVATION  MaxCoin is one of the most secure crypto currencies, both because it's based on next generation encryption, SHA3, but also because it's 'open source'. MaxCoin's software is open to inspection and improvement by the best security minds on the planet so that it's mathematically secure. If you don't like paying bank charges, if you don't like the way money is created by banks at no cost to them, and then loaned out to us with interest, then MaxCoin is paving the way to a new money. Open, transparent, and free of charge. Learn more...     • Algorithm: Keccak (SHA-3) • Generation: 100 million MAX • Block time: 1 minute • Block Rewards: 16 coins per block • Halving every ~4 years • Premine: Zero – not premined • Fees: Zero – no transaction fees • Difficulty: Retargets every block 
